Add OptimizeViewport transformer (#373)
ampproject/amp-toolbox-php: README.md

| [`OptimizeHeroImages`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/OptimizeHeroImages.php) | Transformer that optimizes image rendering times for hero images by adding preload and serverside-rendered `<img>` tags when possible. Viable hero images are `<amp-img>` tags, `<amp-video>` tags with a `poster` attribute as well as `<amp-iframe>` and `<amp-video-iframe>` tags with a `placeholder` attribute. The first viable image that is encountered is used by default, but this behavior can be overridden by adding the `data-hero` attribute to a maximum of two images. The preloads only work work images that don't use `srcset`, as that is not supported as a preload in most browsers. The serverside-rendered image will not be created for `<amp-video>` tags. |

> | [`OptimizeViewport`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/OptimizeViewport.php) | Transformer that normalizes and optimizes the viewport meta tag. By default it'll add `<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">` if viewport is missing, which is the bare minimum that AMP requires. |

Reviewer: Shortened forms like `it'll` are not usually used in formal writing.
```suggestion
| [`OptimizeViewport`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/OptimizeViewport.php) | Transformer that normalizes and optimizes the viewport meta tag. By default it will add `<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">` if viewport is missing, which is the bare minimum that AMP requires. |
```

| [`ServerSideRendering`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/ServerSideRendering.php) | Transformer applying the server-side rendering transformations to the HTML input. This does immediately on the server what would normally be done on the client _after_ the runtime was downloaded and executed to process the DOM. As such, it allows for the removal of the boilerplate CSS that _hides_ the page while it has not yet been processed on the client, drastically improving time it takes for the First Contentful Paint (FCP).|
| [`TransformedIdentifier`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/TransformedIdentifier.php) | Transformer applying the transformed identifier transformations to the HTML input. This is what marks an AMP document as "already optimized", so that the AMP runtime does not need to process it anymore. |

> | [`OptimizeViewport`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/OptimizeViewport.php) | Transformer that normalizes and optimizes the viewport meta tag. By default it'll add `<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">` if viewport is missing, which is the bare minimum that AMP requires. |

Reviewer: This list is alphabetically sorted, so this entry should appear a bit higher.

Author: Updated and added after the `OptimizeHeroImages` transformer.
